if I had a problem listening, Let's say they were so uncomplaining. And
we have a chat, and, um, he still has the same complaints. That might
be an indication that I'm not listening to him. Well, um, I tried
myself, obviously. You know, he came to me, and we still didn't have
some kind of communication quality communication. So in that case,
I know when Thio gather help I might for our next counseling session
or if one is needed, I might have a someone else come in. Say, Hey,
you know what? Um, give me some perspective on the conversation that
me and this other person are having. Am I wrong? It made. Maybe
I'm, um, listening the wrong way. Or maybe I'm talking too much. Maybe
he's too angry as a third party. You can actually feel that out and
tell us where both of us are going wrong.